Yan Diomande ‘confirmed’ as Liverpool target but €100m price tag “excessive”
March 27, 2026
•
Jack Lusby
Liverpool are widely credited with an interest in RB Leipzig winger Yan Diomande but any plans to sign him as Mo Salah‘s replacement are stunted by his price tag.

With Salah now confirmed to be departing Anfield on a free transfer this summer, Liverpool are ramping up their efforts to sign a new wide player.

The expectation is that this cannot be a like-for-like replacement, as despite his decline this season Salah is still viewed as one of the best in the world in his position.

Instead Liverpool could return their model of banking on potential, with Leipzig youngster Diomande, 19, confirmed as a player of interest.

3DDK707 Marrakesh, Marocco. 31st Dec, 2025. December 31 2025: Yan Diomande of Ivory Coast gestures during a 2025 AFCON Africa Cup of Nations game, Gabon vs Ivory Coast, at Marrakesh stadium, Marrakesh, Marocco. Ulrik Pedersen/CSM/Sipa USA (Credit Image: © Ulrik Pedersen/Cal Sport Media/Sipa USA) Credit: Sipa US/Alamy Live News

The Athletic‘s James Pearce has joined high-profile colleague David Ornstein and the Mail‘ Lewis Steele among those to note Diomande as one of the primary candidates to succeed Salah.

However Leipzig’s price tag, currently set at €100 million (£86.6m), is described as “excessive” and could prove an obvious issue in any pursuit.

Nevertheless Diomande is seen as a player who “fits the club’s profile” and a move cannot be ruled out at this stage – particularly as his asking price may drop.



Watch every press conference, interviews, features and more

Join over 370,000 subscribers to get the latest LFC videos to your feed
As reported by talkSPORT‘s Alex Crook last month, if Leipzig fail to qualify for next season’s Champions League their resolve over a deal for the No. 49 could be tested.

Leipzig are currently fourth in the Bundesliga which would be enough to secure a place among Europe’s elite, but they are locked in a battle with Stuttgart, Hoffenheim and Bayer Leverkusen for two spots in the top four.