Netherlands 2-1 Norway: Reijnders hits winner as visitors miss Haaland and Odegaard

Share


Without Erling Haaland and Martin Odegaard, Norway succumbed to a 2-1 friendly defeat to the Netherlands at the Johan Cruyff Arena.
FotMob - 27 March 2026, 23:13
Tijjani Reijnders scored the winning goal as the Netherlands came from behind to win 2-1 against Norway, who were without Erling Haaland and Martin Odegaard for this friendly.

With Haaland rested and Odegaard suffering from a knee issue, Norway boss Stale Solbakken was without his two biggest names in Amsterdam, and though his side struck first, they were powerless to resist a fightback from the hosts. 

Despite their missing star power, Norway went ahead in the 24th minute through Andreas Schjelderup, who curled a wonderful effort into the far corner from the left side of the area, but the Netherlands soon got on top.

After Orjan Nyland showed superb reflexes to keep Cody Gakpo and Donyell Malen out, Virgil van Dijk made the pressure count with a towering header from Teun Koopmeiners' corner.

Norway passed up a couple of decent chances late in the first half through Schjelderup and Jorgen Strand Larsen, and they were punished when Reijnders collected Denzel Dumfries' centre and fired home six minutes into the second period.

The Oranje were relatively comfortable from that moment on as both teams made a raft of substitutions, but Bart Verbruggen made one excellent save to preserve their lead, keeping out an improvised flick from Strand Larsen with nine minutes to play.

Data Debrief: Dumfries excels as Norway rue Haaland absence 

Norway are clearly a different prospect when Haaland is available compared to when he is not, after the Manchester City striker plundered 16 goals in eight games in World Cup qualifying to fire them to this summer's tournament in North America.

In Haaland's absence, Crystal Palace frontman Strand Larsen joined Alexander Sorloth up top, and he contributed 0.37 expected goals (xG) to Norway's team total of 0.83 as two presentable opportunities fell his way, but he was unable to convert on either occasion.

Netherlands boss Ronald Koeman went strong with his team choice, and the ever-reliable Dumfries was a star performer, with his assist for the winning goal coming from one of four chances the Inter wing-back created – twice as many as any other player on the pitch.